Add Funcbench feature and update the readme files. (#257)
prometheus/test-infra: README.md

## Intro

> The repository provides two main functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository provides two main projects:
```

- fucnbench
- prombench

## Prombench

> Benchmarking of the whole Prometheus stack and comparison with the Prometheus master branch. The benchmark is initiated by commenting on a pull request in the Prometheus repository. See Prombench [README.md](/cmd/prombench/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benchmarks and compares 2 different Prometheus versions. The benchmark is initiated by a comment on a pull request in the repository. See Prombench [README.md](/cmd/prombench/README.md) for more information.
```

Author: I don't understand the meaning of the changed sentence.

Reviewer: I updated it a bit, is this more clear?

Reviewer: I updated it again to simplify, no need to include more details as these should be mentioned in the extended readme. It will avoid having to modify if the design changes at some point.

## Funcbench

> Benchmarking of the time series database that Prometheus uses by default. The benchmark is initiated by commenting on a pull request in the Prometheus/TSDB repository. See Funcbench [README.md](/cmd/funcbench/README.md) for more information.

Reviewer: We can benchmark any bench functions right? not just the tsdb functions.
```suggestion
Benchmarks and compares a Golang function from 2 different repository branches using the built in Golang benchmarking tooling. The benchmark is initiated by a comment on a pull request in the repository. See Funcbench [README.md](/cmd/funcbench/README.md) for more information.
```

Author: True
